docs/source/elements/gvawatermark.md, before:

# gvawatermark

Overlays the metadata on the video frame to visualize the inference
results.

```sh
Pad Templates:
  SINK template: 'sink'
    Availability: Always
    Capabilities:
      video/x-raw
                format: { (string)BGRx, (string)BGRA, (string)BGR, (string)NV12, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:DMABuf)
                format: { (string)RGBA, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VASurface)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VAMemory)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]

  SRC template: 'src'
    Availability: Always
    Capabilities:
      video/x-raw
                format: { (string)BGRx, (string)BGRA, (string)BGR, (string)NV12, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:DMABuf)
                format: { (string)RGBA, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VASurface)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VAMemory)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]

Element has no clocking capabilities.
Element has no URI handling capabilities.

Pads:
  SINK: 'sink'
    Pad Template: 'sink'
  SRC: 'src'
    Pad Template: 'src'

Element Properties:
  async-handling      : The bin will handle Asynchronous state changes
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Boolean. Default: false
  cfg                 : Comma separated list of KEY=VALUE parameters specific to. Please see user guide for more details.
                        Available options:
                        show-labels=true|false - enable/disable display of text labels (default true)
                        text-scale=<0.1-2.0> - scale factor for text labels (default 1.0)
                        e.g.: cfg=show-labels=off
                        e.g.: cfg=text-scale=0.5
                        flags: readable, writable
                        String. Default: "show-labels=true,text-scale=1.0"
  device              : Supported devices are CPU and GPU. Default is CPU on system memory and GPU on video memory
                        flags: readable, writable
                        String. Default: null
  disp-avgfps         : If true, display the average FPS read from gvafpscounter element on the output video.
                        The gvafpscounter element must be present in the pipeline.
                        e.g. ... ! gwatermark disp-avgfps=true ! gvafpscounter ! ...
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Boolean. Default: false
  message-forward     : Forwards all children messages
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Boolean. Default: false
  name                : The name of the object
                        flags: readable, writable
                        String. Default: "gvawatermark0"
  parent              : The parent of the object
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Object of type "GstObject"
```

Commit message:

Rename display configuration properties in gvawatermark element for consistency.

docs/source/elements/gvawatermark.md, after:

# gvawatermark

Overlays the metadata on the video frame to visualize the inference
results.

```sh
Pad Templates:
  SINK template: 'sink'
    Availability: Always
    Capabilities:
      video/x-raw
                format: { (string)BGRx, (string)BGRA, (string)BGR, (string)NV12, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:DMABuf)
                format: { (string)RGBA, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VASurface)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VAMemory)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]

  SRC template: 'src'
    Availability: Always
    Capabilities:
      video/x-raw
                format: { (string)BGRx, (string)BGRA, (string)BGR, (string)NV12, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:DMABuf)
                format: { (string)RGBA, (string)I420 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VASurface)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]
      video/x-raw(memory:VAMemory)
                format: { (string)NV12 }
                  width: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
                height: [ 1, 2147483647 ]
              framerate: [ 0/1, 2147483647/1 ]

Element has no clocking capabilities.
Element has no URI handling capabilities.

Pads:
  SINK: 'sink'
    Pad Template: 'sink'
  SRC: 'src'
    Pad Template: 'src'

Element Properties:
  async-handling      : The bin will handle Asynchronous state changes
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Boolean. Default: false
  displ-cfg           : Comma separated list of KEY=VALUE parameters of displayed notations.
                        Available options:
                        show-labels=true|false - enable/disable display of text labels (default true)
                        text-scale=<0.1-2.0> - scale factor for text labels (default 1.0)
                        e.g.: displ-cfg=show-labels=off
                        e.g.: displ-cfg=text-scale=0.5
                        flags: readable, writable
                        String. Default: "show-labels=true,text-scale=1.0"
  device              : Supported devices are CPU and GPU. Default is CPU on system memory and GPU on video memory
                        flags: readable, writable
                        String. Default: null
  displ-avgfps        : If true, display the average FPS read from gvafpscounter element on the output video.
                        The gvafpscounter element must be present in the pipeline.
                        e.g. ... ! gvawatermark displ-avgfps=true ! gvafpscounter ! ...
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Boolean. Default: false
  message-forward     : Forwards all children messages
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Boolean. Default: false
  name                : The name of the object
                        flags: readable, writable
                        String. Default: "gvawatermark0"
  parent              : The parent of the object
                        flags: readable, writable
                        Object of type "GstObject"
```
